Vonk/bulk data export (#140)
FirelyTeam/firely-docs: firelyserver/features/bulkdataexport.rst

          "Vonk.Repository.Sqlite.SqliteVonkConfiguration",
          "Vonk.Repository.MongoDb.MongoDbVonkConfiguration",
          "Vonk.Repository.CosmosDb.CosmosDbVonkConfiguration",
          "Vonk.Repository.Memory.MemoryVonkConfiguration",
          "Vonk.Subscriptions",
          "Vonk.Smart",
          "Vonk.UI.Demo",
          "Vonk.Plugin.DocumentOperation.DocumentOperationConfiguration",
          "Vonk.Plugin.ConvertOperation.ConvertOperationConfiguration",
          "Vonk.Plugin.BinaryWrapper",
          "Vonk.Plugin.Audit",
          "Vonk.Plugins.TerminologyIntegration",
          "Vonk.Plugin.BulkDataExport"
        ],
        "Exclude": [
          "Vonk.Subscriptions.Administration"
        ]
      }, ...etc...

.. note::
    We did not implement BDE for all database types. Make sure the admin database is configured for either SQL Server or SQLite and the data database is configured for SQL Server.
    
BDE introduces two new parts to the appsettings, namely TaskFileManagement and BulkDataExport.

.. code-block:: JavaScript

  "TaskFileManagement": {
      "StoragePath": "./taskfiles"
    },
  "BulkDataExport": {
      "RepeatPeriod" : 60000 //ms
    },
    

> In StoragePath you can configure the folder (in de Firely Server directory) where the exported files will be saved to. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In StoragePath you can configure the folder where the exported files will be saved to. Make sure the server has write access to this folder.
```

> In RepeatPeriod you can configure the polling interval (in milliseconds) for checking the Task queue if there are no active tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In RepeatPeriod you can configure the polling interval (in milliseconds) for checking the Task queue for new export task.
```

This will create a system level export task, exporting all resources in the Firely Server database to a .ndjson file per resourcetype.

Patient
^^^^^^^

**url:** [firely-server-base]/Patient/$export

This will create a type level export task, exporting all resources included in the Patient Compartment in the Firely Server database to an .ndjson file per resourcetype.

Group
^^^^^
**url:** [firely-server-base]/Group/<group-id>/$export

This will create an instance level export task. For each Patient in the Group, the task will export all resources included in the Patient Compartment in the Firely Server database to an .ndjson file per resourcetype.

.. note:: For now we only support inclusion in a Group through Group.member.

Making an $export request will create a new task in the database with status "Queued". The request should return an absolute **$exportstatus** URL in the Content-Location header and the OperationOutcome in the body.  

$exportstatus
-------------

The $export request should return the $exportstatus url for your export task. This url can be used to request the current status of the task through a GET request, or to cancel the task through a DELETE request.

> There are five possible status options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are six possible status options:
```

1. Queued
2. Active
3. Complete
4. Failed

> 5. Cancelled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. CancellationRequested
6. Cancelled
```

* If a task is Queued or Active, GET $exportstatus will return the status in the X-Progress header
* If a task is Complete, GET $exportstatus will return the results with a **$exportfilerequest** url per exported .ndjson file. This url can be used to retrieve the files per resourcetype. If there were any problems with parts of the export, an url for the generated OperationOutcome resources can be found in the error section of the result.
* If a task is Failed, GET $exportstatus will return HTTP Statuscode 500 with an OperationOutcome.

> * If a task is Cancelled, GET $exportstatus will return HTTP Statuscode 204NoContent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If a task is on status CancellationRequested or Cancelled, GET $exportstatus will return HTTP Statuscode 204NoContent.
```

$exportfilerequest
------------------

> If a task has the Complete or Failed status, the GET $exportstatus request should return one or more $exportfilerequest urls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a task has the Complete status, the GET $exportstatus request should return one or more $exportfilerequest urls.
```
When Failed, an OO is returned and no $exportfilerequest urls.
